I learned GAN from perspective of scientists and engineers, so it is interesting to see how artists understand and use it. Different from scientists, they are not restricted by ideas like correctness or evaluation metrics, so they can use GAN in many different ways. They can explore the latent space freely, collect the images GAN created and even learn from the “false” output from the model. I am impressed that a lot of successful art works can be created by varying the aspects and ways to use GAN.

Memo talks a lot about interesting topics of working with generative neural networks. The  expressiveness of deep neural networks brings artists more possibilities, especially for run-time The spectrum of approaches summarize different approaches at a high level. He also introduce some details of his work and personal understanding on AI and Machine Learning based on his experience. I like the point that 

Che-Wei’s 3 ingredients show how the technology changes the role of designers at different level. Generative design uses evolutionary algorithm to automate and accelerate design process; Neural Networks increase the creativity and can make quick judgement; Natural Language Processing even allows machine to communicate with designers and understand requirements. With the help of generative systems, designers only need to pick from the works created by the machine rather than create themselves. He also talks about some crazy changes or problems in the future such as weaponized design. I believe that such kind of changes will have significant impact on people’s life and we really need to think about them and try to keep them the right way.     
